hello my friend how are you doing in
this class we talk about simple past
last classes we talked about the rules
of simple past give animals a day
Athena available an affirmative negative
Moodle is almost didn't he interrogative
utilises did temple I you watched the
class last week to meet us take a class
a seminar posad negative you didn't
watch the class
- no me gustan interrogative did you
watch the class but I got the stuff yes
I did oh no I didn't Yanni entonces
vamos para irregular verbs where was
evening GLaDOS make a cell and pasado
made read LAN and in pasado read I read
a book last month
Julie Leo mess myself take a Duran took
I took my books to my class job Jerry
it's libros para me classic auto
irregular verb have the name I had a
problem just to it
une problem all three read word by
comprise and el pasado but I bought a
car last year they bought a cell phone
yesterday I use calm problem in surah al
otro irregular verb meet in contra
Okaloosa an el pasado met I met my
friends yesterday during contract mis
amigos I did patro a regular verb go LLL
see you careless in Joffrey and Central
Asian I went to the mall you free at
intervention although
irregular verb
right s clearly and in pasado I wrote a
letter to my friend just grevioux Nakata
amia me all through a regular verb do a
set and then pasado did I did my
homework
Joe I said Natalia now I would like you
to invent examples using these verbs and
the best expressions that are the time
expressions for Psychopaths invent
examples comment the video did you
understand
I mean I boosted erk2 may hear yes I did
see two brunettes comprende state also
comentario yes I did see no no I didn't
yes now side of our unit thank you going
our website complete the exercises thank
you very much I'm very PG see you next
class